Belharza's Band The Deadlands
1 item: Increase the damage of your Light Attacks by 900. When you deal damage with consecutive melee Light Attacks,
gain a stack of Belharza's Temper for 10 seconds, up to 5 stacks max. At 5 stacks, consume Belharza's Temper and after 1
second, deal 1471 Physical Damage to enemies in a line and stun them for 3 seconds. This effect can occur once every 10
seconds and scales off the higher of your Weapon and Spell Damage.

Bloodlord's Embrace Greymoor
1 item: Dealing damage with a Bash attack places a persistent, un-cleansable Blood Curse on an enemy. You can only have
one Blood Cursed enemy at a time and dealing additional Bash damage moves the Blood Curse. When you Block a Blood Cursed
enemy, restore 1605 Magicka to you. This effect can occur every 1 second.

Cryptcanon Vestments Necrom
1 item: You can no longer cast Ultimate abilities. Instead, casting an Ultimate ability transfers your Ultimate resource
to your living group members, divided equally among them. Gain Minor Heroism while you are in combat.

Death Dealer's Fete Blackwood
1 item: Gain a persistent stack of Escalating Fete every 2 seconds you are in combat, up to 30 stacks max. Each stack of
Escalating Fete increases your Maximum Stamina, Health, and Magicka by 88. You lose a stack of Escalating Fete every 4
seconds you are out of combat.

Dov-rha Sabatons High Isle
1 item: While Sprinting gain a stack of Draconic Scales every 0.5 seconds, granting you 660 Armor, up to 20 stacks max.

Upon stopping you deal 0 Physical damage per stack in an 8 meter shockwave, gain a damage shield equal to damage dealt,
and retain Draconic Scales for 10 seconds but cannot gain new stacks. At 20 stacks, this damage will also stun for 3
seconds. The damage scales off the higher of your Physical or Spell Resistance.

Esoteric Environment Greaves Necrom
1 item: While you are above 50% Stamina, reduce your direct damage taken by 50% and lose 968 Stamina whenever you take
direct damage, up to once every 0.3 seconds.

Faun's Lark Cladding Firesong
1 item: If you continuously Sprint for 1 second, you gain the ability to pass through enemies. Enemies you pass through
become Charmed for 4 seconds, removing their ability to attack or cast abilities as they move toward you. Charming an
enemy this way restores 678 Stamina and Magicka to you, and heals you for 678 Health. Charming an enemy removes you from
Stealth.

Gaze of Sithis Blackwood
1 item: Adds 3276 Maximum Health
1 item: Adds 1025 Health Recovery
1 item: Adds 4000 Armor
1 item: Reduces your Block Mitigation to 0.

Harpooner's Wading Kilt Blackwood
1 item: Dealing direct damage grants you a stack of Hunter's Focus for 20 seconds, up to 10 stacks max. You can only
gain 1 stack of Hunter's Focus per second. Each stack of Hunter's Focus increases your Critical Chance by 110 and your
Critical Damage by 1%. Taking direct damage removes 5 stacks of Hunter's Focus, up to once per second. Removing
Harpooner's Wading Kilt removes all stacks of Hunter's Focus.

Lefthander's Aegis Belt High Isle
1 item: Roll Dodge no longer evades attack and instead grants a damage shield that absorbs up to 20990 damage over 1
second. This damage shield is unaffected by Battle Spirit.

Mad God's Dancing Shoes
1 item: While in combat, roll dodging creates a random effect. This effect can occur once every 3 seconds. Effects:
-Create a cheese wheel under an enemy within 15 meters that deals 1249 Magic damage to enemies in 3 meters after 1
second. -Deal 1000 Physical damage to enemies facing you after 1.5 seconds. -Deal 1394 Magic damage to the nearest
enemy. -Gain Major Expedition for 4.5 seconds. -Restore 1172 Stamina. -Reduce the cost of your next non-Ultimate ability
by 14%. -Gain 7 Ultimate.

Malacath's Band of Brutality Greymoor
1 item: Increases your damage done by 16% but decreases your Critical Damage done by 50%.

Markyn Ring of Majesty The Deadlands
1 item: Gain 100 Weapon and Spell Damage and 1157 Armor for every set you are wearing 3 or more pieces of. Current
bonus: 0 Weapon and Spell Damage and 0 Armor.

Monomyth Reforged
1 item: While in combat and on your Primary Weapon gain Major Force, Minor Berserk, and Minor Vulnerability. While in
combat and on your Secondary Weapon gain Major Protection, Minor Vitality, and Minor Timidity.

Mora's Whispers High Isle
1 item: Gain up to 1528 Critical Chance and 10% increased Inspiration, Alliance Rank, Alliance skill, and 15% monster
kill experience based off how many books of Shalidor's Library have been collected. Current Bonus: 229 Critical Chance
1% Inspiration, Alliance Rank, and Alliance skill 2% monster kill experience.

Oakensoul Ring High Isle
1 item: While equipped, you are unable to swap between your Primary and Backup Weapon Sets and gain Minor Berserk, Minor
Courage, Major Brutality, Major Sorcery, Major Prophecy, Major Savagery, Minor Force, Minor Protection, Major Resolve,
Minor Mending, Minor Fortitude, Minor Intellect, Minor Endurance, Minor Heroism, Minor Slayer, Minor Aegis, and Empower.

Pearls of Ehlnofey Markarth
1 item: When you attempt to use resources to cast a healing ability while in combat and your dominant resource is under
50%, gain Major Heroism for 1.5 seconds, granting you 3 Ultimate every 1.5 seconds.

Rakkhat's Voidmantle
1 item: Reduce the damage of your Light Attacks by 50%. Dealing damage with a Light Attack restores 431 Magicka or
Stamina, depending on your equipped weapon type. Gain additional resources when damaging an Off Balanced enemy and less
resources when damaging a blocking enemy. Increase the damage of your Heavy Attacks by 50%. Heavy Attacks no longer
restore resources.

Ring of the Pale Order Markarth
1 item: Restore 20% of the damage you deal as Health. This value is decreased by 4% per ally you are grouped with. You
cannot be healed by anyone but yourself, your pets, or your Companions.

Ring of the Wild Hunt Greymoor
1 item: Increases your movement speed by 15% while in combat. Increases your movement speed by 45% while out of combat.

Rourken Steamguards Gold Road
1 item: While actively Bracing, you gain Steam Guardian for 0.5 seconds, reducing your damage taken by 90%. This effect
activates only upon the start of Bracing and can occur once every 10 seconds. Blocking any attack while Steam Guardian
is active reduces its cooldown by 5 seconds, up to once per application of the effect.

Sea-Serpent's Coil High Isle
1 item: While at full Health, you gain 40% damage reduction. After taking damage while at full Health in combat, you
gain Serpent's Rebuke for 10 seconds, snaring yourself by 40% and gaining Major Berserk and Major Courage, increasing
your damage done by 10% and Weapon and Spell Damage by 430. The damage resistance does not apply while Serpent's Rebuke
is active.

Shapeshifter's Chain Blackwood
1 item: Reduce the cost of your Transformation Ultimate and Werewolf abilities by 15%. While transformed, increase your
Maximum Health, Stamina, and Magicka by 1707.

Snow Treaders Greymoor
1 item: While you are in combat, you are immune to snares and immobilizations that can be cleansed, but you cannot
Sprint.

Spaulder of Ruin The Deadlands
1 item: Activating crouch activates and deactivates a 12 meter Aura of Pride. Up to 6 group members in the aura gain 260
Weapon and Spell Damage. Reduce your Health, Magicka, and Stamina Recovery by 70 for every target benefiting from your
Aura of Pride.

Stormweaver's Cavort Firesong
1 item: Adds 300 Magicka Recovery
1 item: Sprint, Roll Dodge, Bash, Break Free, Sneak, and Block now consume Magicka instead of Stamina. You reduce your
Magicka Recovery to 0 while Blocking, Sneaking, or Sprinting. You no longer reduce your Stamina Recovery to 0 while
Blocking, Sneaking or Sprinting.

Syrabane's Ward Firesong
1 item: While actively Bracing, you create a 12 meter zone of protection but you can no longer move. Group members
within the zone increase the amount of damage they can block by 30% and their Health Recovery by 950. The Health
Recovery cannot affect yourself.

The Saint and the Seducer Gold Road
1 item: While in combat, you gain one of five random Major buffs which changes every 10 seconds. Enemies within 12
meters of you gain one of five random Minor debuffs depending on which buff you have. The available effects are: Major
Berserk and Minor Maim; Major Resolve and Minor Breach; Major Force and Minor Brittle; Major Evasion and Minor
Vulnerability; Major Courage and Minor Cowardice
The Shadow Queen's Cowl Gold Road
1 item: While crouched, you can see Witnesses and Guards through walls. Successfully pickpocketing a Witness or Guard
applies Distracted to them for 10 seconds, stunning them and decreasing their Stealth detection radius by 30 meters for
the duration.

Thrassian Stranglers Greymoor
1 item: Killing an enemy grants you a stack of Sload's Call for 1 hour, up to a maximum of 50 stacks. Each stack
increases your Weapon and Spell Damage by 23, reduces your Maximum Health by 120, and reduces effectiveness of your
damage shields by 1%. Sload's Call is lost if you remove Thrassian Stranglers, go invisible, or crouch.

Torc of the Last Ayleid King Necrom
1 item: Reduce your damage taken by 15%. Adds 1337 Weapon and Spell Damage. Adds 500 Magicka and Stamina Recovery.

Disable all other item set bonuses.

Torc of Tonal Constancy Greymoor
1 item: While your Stamina is less than 50%, increase your Magicka Recovery by 450. While your Magicka is less than 50%,
increase your Stamina Recovery by 450.

Velothi Ur-Mage's Amulet Necrom
1 item: Adds 1650 Offensive Penetration
1 item: Increase your damage done to monsters by 15%, gain Minor Force at all times, increasing your Critical Damage
done by 10%, and reduce your Light and Heavy Attack damage by 99%.